[doc] Improve after code moves, part 1 (#655)
CanalTP/transit_model: CONTRIBUTING.md

[`clippy`]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy

### Tests

The test suite include unit test and integration tests.

> #### Test feature `xmllint`
> 
> `transit_model` is capable of exporting NeTEx France format.
> The tests are automatically verifying that the produced files are matching the
> NeTEx specification.
> 
> For that, tests are using the tool `xmllint` which can be installed on Debian
> with the package `libxml2-utils`.
> Therefore, these tests are run only if this feature is activated.<br>
> Tests also depend on NeTEx specification that are imported as a git submodule.
> 
> To install xmllint and submodules:
> ```sh
> git submodule update --init --recursive
> apt install libxml2-utils
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Test feature `xmllint`

`transit_model` is capable of exporting NeTEx France format.<br>
Integration tests verify that the conversion produces files in accordance with the NeTEx specification.

For that, tests are using the tool `xmllint` which can be installed on Debian
with the package `libxml2-utils`.
Therefore, these tests are run only if this feature is activated.<br>
Tests also depend on NeTEx specification that are imported as a git submodule.

To install xmllint and submodules:
```sh
git submodule update --init --recursive
apt install libxml2-utils
```
```
If you want to validate your product (NeTEx France) file you can use the following command:
```sh
xmllint --noout --nonet --huge --schema /path/to/NeTEx/xsd/NeTEx_publication.xsd your_file.xml
```

> `transit_model` is capable of exporting NeTEx France format.
> The tests are automatically verifying that the produced files are matching the
> NeTEx specification.
> 
> For that, tests are using the tool `xmllint` which can be installed on Debian
> with the package `libxml2-utils`.
> Therefore, these tests are run only if this feature is activated.<br>
> Tests also depend on NeTEx specification that are imported as a git submodule.
> 
> To install xmllint and submodules:
> ```sh
> git submodule update --init --recursive
> apt install libxml2-utils
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`transit_model` is capable of exporting NeTEx France format.<br>
Integration tests verify that the conversion produces files in accordance with the NeTEx specification.

For that, tests are using the tool `xmllint` which can be installed on Debian
with the package `libxml2-utils`.
Therefore, these tests are run only if this feature is activated.<br>
Tests also depend on NeTEx specification that are imported as a git submodule.

To install xmllint and submodules:
```sh
git submodule update --init --recursive
apt install libxml2-utils
```
If you want to validate your product file you can use the following command:
```sh
xmllint --noout --nonet --huge --schema /path/to/NeTEx/xsd/NeTEx_publication.xsd your_file.xml
```
```

Author: Done, hope I applied correctly your suggestions in https://github.com/CanalTP/transit_model/pull/655/commits/6c91f23f0149bc957b33a67d617efaaef45c5b9f

[`clippy`]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy

### Tests

The test suite include unit test and integration tests.

#### Test feature `xmllint`

`transit_model` is capable of exporting NeTEx France format.
The tests are automatically verifying that the produced files are matching the
NeTEx specification.

For that, tests are using the tool `xmllint` which can be installed on Debian
with the package `libxml2-utils`.
Therefore, these tests are run only if this feature is activated.<br>
Tests also depend on NeTEx specification that are imported as a git submodule.

To install xmllint and submodules:
```sh
git submodule update --init --recursive
apt install libxml2-utils

> cargo test --features xmllint  # launch xmllint tests

Author: Ah, true! And then I think it would be easier to just remove that line and add you suggestion to the "Launch all tests" part, no?
